RHDEVDOCS-5247: Documentation for Pipelines Resolvers (#60482)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/op-resolver-bundle-config.adoc

// This module is included in the following assembly:
//
// // *openshift_pipelines/remote-pipelines-tasks-resolvers.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="resolver-bundles-config_{context}"]
= Configuring the bundles resolver

> Optionally, you can change the default service account name and the default kind for pulling resources from a Tekton bundle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change the default service account name and the default kind for pulling resources from a Tekton bundle by configuring the bundles resolver.
```

I think "optionally" is redundant here, since the rest of the sentence reads "you can" rather than "you must".

.Procedure

. To edit the `TektonConfig` custom resource, enter the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc edit TektonConfig config
----
+

> . In the `TektonConfig` custom resource, specify configuration in the `pipeline.bundles-resolver-config` spec:

Reviewer 2: "specify configuration" without any articles in front of it still reads off to me. I'd go with "the following" but I'm sure there are other alternatives that could work

Reviewer: Agree

> . In the `TektonConfig` custom resource, specify configuration in the `pipeline.bundles-resolver-config` spec:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the `TektonConfig` custom resource, edit the `pipeline.bundles-resolver-config` spec:
```
wording suggestion
